JSDK-2687 Add signalingRegion Property on LocalParticipant (#903)
twilio/twilio-video.js: CHANGELOG.md

For 1.x changes, go [here](https://github.com/twilio/twilio-video.js/blob/support-1.x/CHANGELOG.md).

2.3.0 (In Progress)
=========================

New Features
------------

> - A LocalParticipant will now have an additional `signalingRegion` property which contains the signaling region the local participant is connected to. (JSDK-2687)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A LocalParticipant will now have an additional `signalingRegion` property which contains the geographical region of the signaling edge LocalParticipant is connected to. (JSDK-2687)
```
